If you want to come, then come.
Then, tonight, I will stay here for three days.
You should go home and do something.
Even if you don't get better, even if you don't get better,
you can't stay here for three days.
I will go home and do something.
Then, I will go home and do something.
This mountain is a steep mountain.
If you climb up the hill and go to the forest,
you will find a lot of trees.
You can go anywhere.
Let's go to the forest.
From tonight, I will go to the forest with the director.
I will go to the forest with the director.
I shrine the tag for the witches.
I spend my life to pray
for others to come in peace.
And marry anyone they want,
If you become a moon, you can save the future.
You can save the human feelings.
That's right.